website/docs: add paragraph about impossible travel (#13125)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/customize/policies/index.md

Use this policy for simple GeoIP lookups, such as country or ASN matching. (For a more advanced GeoIP lookup, use an [Expression policy](./expression.mdx).)

> With the GeoIP policy, you can use the **Distance Settings** to define travel "expectations" such as maximum distance (in kilometers) away from the GeoIP location of the last login(s) that a new login is allowed.

Reviewer: GeoIP has its own page but by default no additional setup is required, the GeoIP database is included by default since 2022.something so no additional setup is required out of the box

With the GeoIP policy, you can use the **Distance Settings** options to set travel "expectations" and control login attempts based on GeoIP location. The GeoIP policy calculates the values defined for travel distances (in kilometers), and then either passes or fails based on the results. If the GeoIP policy failed, the current login attempt is not allowed.

    -   **Maximum distance**: define the allowed maximum distance  between a login's initial GeoIP location and the GeoIP location of a subsequent login attempt.

    -   **Distance tolerance**: optionally, add an additional "tolerance" distance. This value is added to the **Maximum distance** value, then the total is used in the calculations that determine if the policy fails or passes.

    -   **Historical Login Count**: define the number of login events that you want to use for the distance calculations. For example, with the default value of 5, the policy will check the distance between each of the past 5 login attempts, and if any of those distances exceed the **Maximum distance** PLUS the **Distance tolerance**, then the policy will fail and the current login attempt will not be allowed.

>     -   **Check impossible travel**: this option, when enabled, provides an additional layer of calculations to the policy. With Impossible travel, a built-in value of 1000 kilomeeters is used as the base distance. This distance, PLUS the value defined for **Impossible travel tolerance**, is the maximum allowed distance for the policy to pass. Note that the value defined in **Historical Login Count** (the number of login events to check) is also used for Impossible travel calculations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -   **Check impossible travel**: this option, when enabled, provides an additional layer of calculations to the policy. With Impossible travel, a built-in value of 1,000 kilometers is used as the base distance. This distance, PLUS the value defined for **Impossible travel tolerance**, is the maximum allowed distance for the policy to pass. Note that the value defined in **Historical Login Count** (the number of login events to check) is also used for Impossible travel calculations.
```
